README.adoc, before:

= Grabbit Command Line Interface
:toc:
:toc-placement!:

image::https://api.bintray.com/packages/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/images/download.svg[link="https://bintray.com/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/_latestVersion"]

toc::[]

== Description

This script starts and monitors a Grabbit content sync.

image::https://api.bintray.com/packages/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/images/download.svg[link="https://bintray.com/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/_latestVersion"]
https://waffle.io/TWCable/grabbit-cli[image:https://badge.waffle.io/TWCable/grabbit-cli.png?label=ready&title=Ready[Stories
in Ready]]

== Usage

=== Prerequisites

You must first install the Grabbit AEM package on any instance you wish
to sync content to (i.e. a Grabbit client). You can download the latest
package from bintray: https://bintray.com/twcable/aem/Grabbit/view#files
See https://github.com/TWCable/grabbit[the Grabbit project page for more information].

Finally, the distributed binaries are self-executing Java programs (thanks http://www.capsule.io/[to the awesome
Capsule packager]). The only requirement is that you have the Java 8+ runtime installed.


=== Running

Download the binary from image:https://api.bintray.com/packages/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/images/download.svg[link="https://bintray.com/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/_latestVersion"] 

For the instructions below, assuming that you've renamed the binary you chose to `grabbit-cli`:

(If you downloaded the file from BinTray, you may need to set the execute bit on it first to use on a *nix system: `chmod u+x grabbit-cli`)

Run `grabbit-cli -h` to view list of options:

```shell

usage: grabbit-cli -[h|s|sm|m] [grabbit-json-file] [env-json-file] [env] [grabbit-ids-file]

  -h,--help                                                                 Show usage information
  -m,--monitor <[env-json-file] [environment] [grabbit-ids-file]>           Monitor grabbit
  -s,--start <[grabbit-json-file] [env-json-file] [environment]>            Start grabbit
  -sm,--start-monitor <[grabbit-json-file] [env-json-file] [environment]>   Start and monitor grabbit
```

Example for syncing to your local author:

```shell
grabbit-cli -sm grabbit-author.json localhost.json localhost
```

Example for syncing to your local publish:

```shell
grabbit-cli -sm grabbit-publish.json localhost.json localhost
```


[NOTE]
====
For now, check the Grabbit documentation for the format of the environment/configuration files.

There is https://github.com/TWCable/grabbit-cli/issues/7[a feature request to better document that].
====


== Development

See https://twcable.github.io/grabbit-cli/docs/javadoc/[the API and Design documentation].

== LICENSE

Copyright 2014-2016 Time Warner Cable, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may
not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain
a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Updated README to show running on Windows

README.adoc, after:

= Grabbit Command Line Interface
:toc:
:toc-placement!:

image::https://api.bintray.com/packages/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/images/download.svg[link="https://bintray.com/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/_latestVersion"]

toc::[]

== Description

This script starts and monitors a Grabbit content sync.

image::https://api.bintray.com/packages/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/images/download.svg[link="https://bintray.com/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/_latestVersion"]
https://waffle.io/TWCable/grabbit-cli[image:https://badge.waffle.io/TWCable/grabbit-cli.png?label=ready&title=Ready[Stories
in Ready]]

== Usage

=== Prerequisites

You must first install the Grabbit AEM package on any instance you wish
to sync content to (i.e. a Grabbit client). You can download the latest
package from bintray: https://bintray.com/twcable/aem/Grabbit/view#files
See https://github.com/TWCable/grabbit[the Grabbit project page for more information].

Finally, the distributed binaries are self-executing Java programs (thanks http://www.capsule.io/[to the awesome
Capsule packager]). The only requirement is that you have the Java 8+ runtime installed.


=== Running

Download the binary from image:https://api.bintray.com/packages/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/images/download.svg[link="https://bintray.com/twcable/aem/grabbit-cli/_latestVersion"] 

[NOTE]
--
If you're running on Windows, you need to put `java -jar` in front of `grabbit-cli`.

e.g., `java -jar grabbit-cli -h`
--

For the instructions below, assuming that you've renamed the binary you chose to `grabbit-cli`:

(If you downloaded the file from BinTray, you may need to set the execute bit on it first to use on a *nix system: `chmod u+x grabbit-cli`)

Run `grabbit-cli -h` to view list of options:

```shell

usage: grabbit-cli -[h|s|sm|m] [grabbit-json-file] [env-json-file] [env] [grabbit-ids-file]

  -h,--help                                                                 Show usage information
  -m,--monitor <[env-json-file] [environment] [grabbit-ids-file]>           Monitor grabbit
  -s,--start <[grabbit-json-file] [env-json-file] [environment]>            Start grabbit
  -sm,--start-monitor <[grabbit-json-file] [env-json-file] [environment]>   Start and monitor grabbit
```

Example for syncing to your local author:

```shell
grabbit-cli -sm grabbit-author.json localhost.json localhost
```

Example for syncing to your local publish:

```shell
grabbit-cli -sm grabbit-publish.json localhost.json localhost
```


[NOTE]
====
For now, check the Grabbit documentation for the format of the environment/configuration files.

There is https://github.com/TWCable/grabbit-cli/issues/7[a feature request to better document that].
====


== Development

See https://twcable.github.io/grabbit-cli/docs/javadoc/[the API and Design documentation].

== LICENSE

Copyright 2014-2016 Time Warner Cable, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may
not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain
a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
